When we were young, my brother, sister and I would be embarrassed when they called each other "baby" and were affectionate in front of us. But they were best friends and partners, supporting one another's goals and working together to raise their family, regardless of what society dictated.
When my dad was struggling at the start of his acting career, for instance, my mom supported the two of them financially through modelling work, even though she hated being in front of the camera. And when I was five or six, my dad -- who has always identified as a feminist -- would take me to set with to take the pressure off my mom, which was unheard of at the time and still uncommon. (This wasn't always easy for him: Once, I threw a tantrum after my laces came undone, and my dad had to leave a scene mid take because I wouldn't let anyone else retie them.)
With these kinds of actions, my parents, idealistic children of the '70s, taught us their progressive principles. Watching them, I learned the value of hard work, honesty, tolerance and a strong moral compass, and that what I could accomplish didn't have to be limited or decided by my gender.
While this may be common knowledge in other parts of the world (in theory if not always in practice), growing up in India, this was revolutionary. Here, many of us worship goddesses and elect women to the most powerful offices, yet women still aren't seen as equal to men.
But at home, there was no difference between my brother and I, between my mom and my dad. Seeing my parents interact as equals, I knew I too could have a voice someday. I felt empowered to stand up for myself.
The actions and values I observed at home have guided me throughout my career, and in many ways shaped it. In the past, this has meant walking away from so-called prestigious films where I wasn't receiving the treatment or pay I felt I deserved (the industry is still very patriarchal), and others that didn't align with my worldview. But my upbringing has also led to exciting projects that have the power to spread my values further.
Cinema can be a reflection of what society is going through, but once in a while, you can be part of something that can actually change the way people think. My dad and I recently collaborated on our first film together, "Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga" ("This is How I Felt When I Saw That Girl"), in which he plays my father, and I play his closeted lesbian daughter, trying to find a way to come out to him.
As the first Bollywood movie about a lesbian relationship, we knew it wasn't going to be a commercial hit in conservative India, and since we filmed it before gay sex was decriminalized last September, we weren't sure the film would be released at all. But my dad said, "We need to change the way people think about these things. You have to be OK with loving whoever you want to love, or being whoever you want to be." I couldn't agree more
Last year, I followed in my parents' footsteps and married my own best friend, a kind, sensitive man who is comfortable expressing his feelings and cares deeply about the world around him. When I look at him, I see so many of the values that were passed down to me. In fact, I don't know if I would have chosen him had I not been raised to cherish those qualities -- and I have my parents to thank for that.
The more I think about it, inheritance is not about money, or property or legacy. It's the values you instill in your children. Teach them to do the right thing and to stand up for themselves and others, for the benefit of their future selves and the people around them. Everything else is secondary.
Sonam Kapoor is an award-winning actor.

It's a good, solid principle. And it seems almost impossibly quaint, because the search for the truth in the Trump investigations is breaking down along partisan lines.
During Michael Cohen's testimony, Republicans focused more on attacking the witness than questioning his serious allegations. And on CNN's "New Day" this week, Republican Sen. Mike Rounds suggested Trump made hush-money payments to porn star Stormy Daniels to protect his family. "I honestly think this president loves his family," Rounds said.
The new standard seems to be that allegations of lies and obstruction of justice don't matter to Republicans when it's about a president from their party.
We know that this is situational ethics because 20 years ago, some of the same senators were singing a very different tune.
Most Democrats call for investigation instead of impeachment
Most Democrats call for investigation instead of impeachment
Here's Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell talking to CNN in 1999 about impeachment proceedings against then-President Bill Clinton: "The problem is lying under oath and obstructing justice. The subject matter is not what is significant here; it's lying under oath and obstructing justice."
McConnell voted to find President Clinton guilty on both counts -- lying and obstruction of justice.
Sen. Chuck Grassley, who stepped down as chairman of the judiciary committee last year, told CNN the importance of leaving partisanship behind during the impeachment trial in January 1999. "We are miraculously transformed from politicians to people who leave their Republican and Democrat labels at the door...We're there to seek the truth and to find out whether the president is guilty or not guilty, and no stone should be left unturned to make that determination."
Poetic stuff. But today, the search for the truth seems secondary for Senate Republicans.
Trump's former attorney general, Jeff Sessions, took a strong stand against lying from the oval office. After Clinton was acquitted by the Senate on two articles of impeachment in February 1999, Sessions spoke out about the impact it could have on the culture of the country. "It is crucial to our system of justice that we demand the truth. I fear that an acquittal of this President will weaken the legal system by providing an option for those who consider being less than truthful in court," he said.
Ken Starr and Clinton press secretary agree: &#39;Impeachment is hell&#39;
Ken Starr and Clinton press secretary agree: 'Impeachment is hell'
One of President Trump's strongest supporters in the Senate is South Carolina's Lindsey Graham, who was previously considered a member of the maverick posse as one of John McCain's closest friends. When Graham was still a representative in the House, he offered a notably low standard for impeachment. "You don't even have to be convicted of a crime to lose your job in this constitutional republic ... Impeachment is not about punishment. Impeachment is about cleansing the office. Impeachment is about restoring honor and integrity to the office," he said.
Former Sen. Rick Santorum, now a CNN commentator, also was very concerned about the impact of presidential lying at the time: "He lied to protect himself from being prosecuted for a crime. I could think of no other lie that is a more egregious lie... I fear that if this country is confronted with a serious crisis over the next two years, that his ability to marshal the American public behind what he tells them is the truth would be diminished."
When it was all over, a handful of House Democrats voted against Clinton, and several Republicans crossed partisan lines to acquit the president on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice. So while partisan lines did largely hold, there were still some politicians who put their principles ahead of party loyalty.
Stay up to date...
Sign up for our new newsletter.

Join us on Twitter and Facebook

There's precious little evidence of that now. One of the first Senate Democrats to publicly condemn Clinton's behavior -- although he did not vote for his removal from office -- was Joe Lieberman, and his independence earned him a spot on the Democratic ticket as Al Gore's running mate in 2000.
Looking at the GOP's approach to Clinton's impeachment trial 20 years ago, it's clear there is now a double standard when it comes to Trump. Hypocrisy used to be the unforgivable sin in American politics. But that seems to be one more casualty of Trump's presidency.
PAID CONTENT

London (CNN Business)China's Huawei shunned the spotlight as it grew to become one of the world's top tech companies. Now it's going on the offensive to counter a US campaign aimed at curbing its business.

Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei has given a series of rare interviews in recent weeks, and Huawei executives were out in force to defend the company at Mobile World Congress.
The company has taken out a full-page advertisement in the Wall Street Journal. In New Zealand, where the government has blocked its top telecom firm from using Huawei equipment in its 5G mobile network, Huawei is running ads that compare 5G without Huawei to "life without rugby."
But the most dramatic sign of the strategy shift came Thursday, when Huawei invited journalists to its campus in Shenzhen, brought out a team of top executives, and announced it was suing the US government over a law that bans federal agencies from buying its products.
Huawei: US Congress acted as &#39;judge, juror and executioner&#39; with ban on our products
Huawei: US Congress acted as 'judge, juror and executioner' with ban on our products
"The US Congress has repeatedly failed to produce any evidence to support its restrictions on Huawei products," said Huawei Deputy Chairman Guo Ping. "We are compelled to take this legal action as a proper and last resort."
The decision to file suit shows how hard Huawei is willing to punch back against US efforts to convince other countries that using the telecom company's equipment in 5G networks is a threat to national security.
"Huawei has no downside in taking on the United States," said Duncan Clark, an expert on China's tech sector and the author of "Alibaba: The House That Jack Ma Built."
"They've precious little to lose in the US market," he said of Huawei. "The US government saw to that by sealing off their (already very protected) market. But they have a lot to lose in Europe and other developed markets."
They have a lot to lose in Europe and other developed markets."

DUNCAN CLARK

In those places, Huawei is setting up "transparency centers" that allow customers to run security tests on its products. A new hub opened in Brussels this week.
The old Huawei
It's hard to imagine the Huawei of old taking such an aggressive line.
William Plummer, who spent eight years working on government and media relations for Huawei, wrote in a book published last year that Huawei "rarely spoke to the media and had negligible interaction with government."
The lack of engagement continued even after US lawmakers warned in 2012 that Huawei products "could undermine core US national security interests." The company denied that was the case, but its executives seldom made the argument in public.
Plummer wrote in his book that by not challenging the narrative, Huawei "had unknowingly allowed fear, uncertainty and doubt to become fact."
THE BIG PICTURE
Huawei is crushing Apple in China
Founder Ren Zhengfei: The US 'cannot crush us'
Why America's fight with Huawei matters
"The media were genuinely feared, and there seemed to be a real concern that jobs would be lost and heads would roll if even the slightest misstatements were made," he said of the company's culture.
What's changed
Washington has for years been suspicious that the Chinese government could use Huawei equipment to spy on other nations, without providing specific evidence. Huawei has denied the accusations.
But pressure on the world's biggest maker of telecommunications equipment has increased dramatically in recent months.
US prosecutors have filed criminal charges against Huawei in Washington state and New York. Huawei pleaded not guilty in Seattle last week to charges that it tried to steal trade secrets from T-Mobile (TMUS).
The company's arraignment in Brooklyn on charges that it worked to skirt US sanctions on Iran is scheduled for later this month.
Huawei's chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, has also been charged in that case. She was arrested in Canada in December and faces extradition to the United States. Meng and Huawei have denied the charges.
Much is at risk: Germany and the United Kingdom are deciding which kinds of restrictions to impose on Huawei equipment. Australia has already banned the company from providing technology for its 5G networks.
Huawei CEO: &#39;Huawei has not and will never plant backdoors&#39;

Huawei CEO: 'Huawei has not and will never plant backdoors' 01:51
The intensity of the US campaign combined with the legal cases has provoked a different kind of response from Huawei.
Ren spoke to foreign media for the first time in three years in January, saying he loved China and supported the Communist Party but had never been asked to share "improper information" about Huawei's partners.
Guo, the company's deputy chairman, went further on Thursday, accusing American officials of hypocrisy and claiming the United States "has hacked our servers and stolen our emails and the source code."
Plummer said in an email that Huawei "is at long last standing up for itself against unsubstantiated allegations."
"There is a solid global understanding that Huawei gear is not only leading the industry, but is essential to the future of 5G," he said. "It seems that while there was initial acceptance of the US warnings of 'threats,' that as the campaign has worn on, there is more and more skepticism. And this has emboldened Huawei yet further."
While analysts think the pushback from Huawei is designed to help preserve its access to lucrative markets in Europe and beyond, the company says it's not giving up on the United States.
"We have to understand the risk to this country, and to make this country safer," Huawei's chief US security officer Andy Purdy told CNN Business last week. "Blocking Huawei does not make America safer."
"We have not given up," he added.
CNN Business' Julia Horowitz contributed to this report.

